As related breaking story right now.
Oh yeah.
There's two a two breaking stories in the MMA world right now.
But this one since you're talking about it,
Anderson Silva fails out of us.
You have see Shanghai main event.
Makes Sense.
He's 40 what did he fail for this?
Say it.
A sample.
A sample B test that failed from October 26th collection.
Huh?
So it was a couple of weeks ago.
Ah,
that's interesting.
From a sample beat test.
Sorry,
I didn't say sample,
just so sample collected.
Oh,
okay.
I didn't say the actual drug cause they don't test sample being less sample a
is,
well I'm not surprised.
This is the other thing going on right now.
Connor Mcgregor jumps the cage at Bella Tor when he's seven conference referee.
Mark Goddard.
Oh yeah,
I heard about that.
Definitely don't do that.
Yeah.
I don't know what that was about.
I don't know why he did that.
Yeah,
you like that though.
The wrestling does.
I've already,
I'm already booking them.
The main event.
How do you have time for that?
Wrestling stuff?
I just make time.
You just make time because you enjoy it.
I love it.
Yeah.